How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	0
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	1
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	0
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	1
What is the full form of .com ?	2
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	3
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	3
What is the oldest profession ?	3
What are liver enzymes ?	0
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	3
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	5
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	0
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	3
Who killed Gandhi ?	3
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	1
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	4
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	0
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	5
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	0
What is an annotated bibliography ?	0
What is the date of Boxing Day ?	5
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	1
Name 11 famous martyrs .	3
What 's the Olympic motto ?	0
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	0
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	1
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	3
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	4
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	1
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	4
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	2
What does a spermologer collect ?	1
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	5
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	3
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	5
What do Mormons believe ?	0
When did the neanderthal man live ?	5
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	1
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	4
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	1
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	0
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	1
How many people in the world speak French ?	5
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	5
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	0
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	3
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	1
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	3
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	0
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	1
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	4
What is ethology ?	0
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	3
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	0
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	3
What is the nature of learning ?	0
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	1
What 's the term for a young fox ?	1
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	4
What is the Kashmir issue ?	0
Where is the Loop ?	4
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	0
What country 's capital is Tirana ?	4
What is titanium ?	0
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	3
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?	4
What is a caldera ?	0
Why do people get calluses ?	0
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	4
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	0
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?	4
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	3
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	1
What is the history of skateboarding ?	0
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	3
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	0
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	3
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	1
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	0
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .	4
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	1
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	5
What is the origin of head lice ?	0
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	4
What was the first domesticated bird ?	1
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	5
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	4
What is a fear of shadows ?	1
Who were the five Marx brothers ?	3
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	5
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	5
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	0
What are bear and bull markets ?	0
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	1
What is `` dew point '' ?	0
What is the meaning of Jesus ?	0
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?	3
What is the definition of a cascade ?	0
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	5
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?	4
Who invented Make-up ?	3
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?	0
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	0
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	1
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	3
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	3
How do you make a paintball ?	0
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?	4
What is a female rabbit called ?	1
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	4
Where do chihuahuas come from ?	0
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	4
What are the world 's four oceans ?	4
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?	1
What is the largest snake in the world ?	1
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?	1
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	4
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?	5
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	1
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?	0
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	4
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	1
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?	0
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	5
How do chickens have baby chicks ?	0
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	0
How was the element calcium named ?	0
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?	3
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	3
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?	5
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	1
What is a transistor ?	0
What is a film starring Jude Law ?	1
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	1
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	1
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	5
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	3
What are equity securities ?	0
What is gymnophobia ?	0
How many years do fossils take to form ?	5
Where is the Orinoco ?	4
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	4
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	1
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	0
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	5
How you can raise your IQ ?	0
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	2
Who produces Spumante ?	3
Who earns their money the hard way ?	3
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	3
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	3
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	5
Who discovered electricity ?	3
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	1
Who was the first American in space ?	3
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	4
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	1
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	1
What is a dental root canal ?	0
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	1
What is the busiest air travel season ?	5
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	1
What are hook worms ?	0
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	4
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	3
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	3
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	4
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?	5
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	5
Where are the 49 steps ?	4
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	5
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	3
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	3
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?	1
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	3
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	0
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	0
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?	5
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	4
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	4
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	1
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	3
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	3
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?	0
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	0
What causes pneumonia ?	0
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	5
What does gringo mean ?	0
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?	4
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?	1
Where is the Kalahari desert ?	4
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	3
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	4
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?	1
Who created Dennis the Menace ?	3
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	3
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?	5
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	4
How do I start a web based business ?	0
Name Alvin 's brothers	3
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?	0
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	0
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	5
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?	3
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	3
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	5
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?	1
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	0
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	3
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	1
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	1
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?	4
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	0
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	0
How many species of sharks are there ?	5
What is `` snoogans '' ?	0
How many people are there in the world ?	5
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?	1
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?	3
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	0
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	2
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	1
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?	0
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	0
What four forms does gold occur in ?	1
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	5
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	0
When did beethoven die ?	5
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	5
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	4
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	0
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	3
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	0
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	3
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	5
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	4
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	4
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	1
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	3
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	1
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?	1
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	5
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	0
Where was George Washington born ?	4
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .	5
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	3
What is paracetamol ?	0
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	0
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	1
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	5
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?	3
What is the origin of the name Katie ?	0
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	3
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?	5
Who is Terrence Malick ?	3
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	1
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .	0
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	1
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	4
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	5
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	2
When did World War I start ?	5
How many feet are there in a fathom ?	5
What is a Canada two-penny black ?	0
What European city do Nicois live in ?	4
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	0
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	0
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	1
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	3
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	1
What did brontosauruses eat ?	1
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	1
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	3
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	3
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	3
What is molybdenum ?	0
When is Boxing Day ?	5
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?	1
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	5
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	5
What 's the official animal of Canada ?	1
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	5
What is the size of the largest akita ?	5
What animal has the biggest eyes ?	1
What is California 's capital ?	4
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?	3
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	3
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	4
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	0
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	0
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	4
What do Italians call Florence ?	1
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	0
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	2
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	4
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	1
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?	1
What city did the Flintstones live in ?	4
What is Latin for incompetent ?	1
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	1
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?	3
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	1
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?	3
What is the abbreviation for micro ?	2
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	1
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?	3
What does NASDAQ stand for ?	2
What is BPH ?	2
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	1
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	4
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?	3
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	0
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	5
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	5
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	3
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	4
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	1
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?	4
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	3
How did the tradition of best man start ?	0
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?	5
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?	4
What are Halloween 's colors ?	1
How is silk screening done ?	0
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	5
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?	3
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?	4
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?	3
How do you match a name to a social security number ?	0
How does a rainbow form ?	0
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	5
What is the population of Ohio ?	5
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	5
Hazmat stands for what ?	0
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?	1
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	3
Who followed Caesar ?	3
What are the four elements ?	1
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	3
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	1
What is Answers.com 's address ?	4
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	4
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	3
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	3
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	1
Who invented the radio ?	3
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	5
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	1
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	0
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	3
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	1
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	3
What ocean is the largest in the world ?	4
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	3
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?	5
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	5
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	3
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?	3
Define the Pheonix Club ?	0
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	4
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	0
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	1
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?	3
How successful is arometherapy ?	0
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?	1
How does a copier work ?	0
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?	3
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	1
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?	3
Where does chocolate come from ?	4
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?	1
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?	3
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	4
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?	1
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	3

